README.md, before:

# the-bonk
the biggest dump of junk

## Python

### June 2021
- [quadraticnthterm.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/quadraticnthterm.py) (Golf - 336 bytes)
	- Solves a quadratic sequence for the nth term in the form of an²+bn+c.
	- Added: 23/6/2021

- [quadraticsolver.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/quadraticsolver.py) (Golf - 90 bytes)
	- Solves a quadratic equation in the form ax²+bx+c=0 using the quadratic equation.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 23/6/2021

- [guessinggame.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/guessinggame.py) (Golf - 137 bytes)
	- A short guessing game where you have 5 attempts to guess a random number from 1-10.
	- Added: 23/6/2021

- [palindromecheck.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/palindromecheck.py)
	- Checks if a user's string is a palindrome (a string that is identical to itself when in reverse)
	- Function only.
	- Added: 13/6/2021

### May 2021
- [reversestring.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/reversestring.py)
	- Reverses a string.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 31/5/2021

- [flipfront.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/flipfront.py)
	- Takes an array / list and returns the first 'n' amount of elements reversed, along with the rest of the array.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 31/5/2021

- [abacaba.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/abacaba.py)
	- Creates the recursive ABACABA pattern up to 'n' amount of times.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 30/5/2021

- [incrementdigits.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/incrementdigits.py)
	- Takes each digit individually and increments it by 1.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 30/5/2021

- [naughtsandcrosses.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/naughtsandcrosses.py)
	- Implementation of the classic Naughts & Crosses game in Python.
	- Requires a colour-compatible console.
	- Added: 28/5/2021

- [arraysorter.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/arraysorter.py)
	- Sorts a user-requested array using Python's default 'sorted()' function.
	- Added: 28/5/2021

- [helloworld.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/helloworld.py)
	- Prints 'Hello, world!' into the Python console.
	- Added: 28/5/2021

## Processing

### June 2021
- [conways_game_of_life.pde](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/java/processing/conways_game_of_life.pde)
	- An interactive simulation of Conway's Game of Life in Processing.
	- Added: 13/6/2021

Commit message:

Updated README.md to include logicgates.py

README.md, after:

# the-bonk
the biggest dump of junk

## Python

### June 2021
= [logicgates.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/logicgates.py) (Golf - 260 bytes)
	- All of the basic logic gates (AND, OR, XOR, NOT, NAND, XNOR)
	- Added: 25/6/2021

- [quadraticnthterm.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/quadraticnthterm.py) (Golf - 336 bytes)
	- Solves a quadratic sequence for the nth term in the form of an²+bn+c.
	- Added: 23/6/2021

- [quadraticsolver.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/quadraticsolver.py) (Golf - 90 bytes)
	- Solves a quadratic equation in the form ax²+bx+c=0 using the quadratic equation.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 23/6/2021

- [guessinggame.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/golf/guessinggame.py) (Golf - 137 bytes)
	- A short guessing game where you have 5 attempts to guess a random number from 1-10.
	- Added: 23/6/2021

- [palindromecheck.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/palindromecheck.py)
	- Checks if a user's string is a palindrome (a string that is identical to itself when in reverse)
	- Function only.
	- Added: 13/6/2021

### May 2021
- [reversestring.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/reversestring.py)
	- Reverses a string.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 31/5/2021

- [flipfront.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/flipfront.py)
	- Takes an array / list and returns the first 'n' amount of elements reversed, along with the rest of the array.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 31/5/2021

- [abacaba.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/abacaba.py)
	- Creates the recursive ABACABA pattern up to 'n' amount of times.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 30/5/2021

- [incrementdigits.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/incrementdigits.py)
	- Takes each digit individually and increments it by 1.
	- Function only.
	- Added: 30/5/2021

- [naughtsandcrosses.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/naughtsandcrosses.py)
	- Implementation of the classic Naughts & Crosses game in Python.
	- Requires a colour-compatible console.
	- Added: 28/5/2021

- [arraysorter.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/arraysorter.py)
	- Sorts a user-requested array using Python's default 'sorted()' function.
	- Added: 28/5/2021

- [helloworld.py](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/python/helloworld.py)
	- Prints 'Hello, world!' into the Python console.
	- Added: 28/5/2021

## Processing

### June 2021
- [conways_game_of_life.pde](https://github.com/GD-NTB/the-bonk/blob/master/java/processing/conways_game_of_life.pde)
	- An interactive simulation of Conway's Game of Life in Processing.
	- Added: 13/6/2021
